[MUSIC]
Hi, I'm MK, Director in the Office
of the CISO for Google Cloud.
The role of the Chief Information Security
Officer is both to protect Google Cloud
from a security standpoint.
But also to ensure that we're providing
all of the tools and products necessary so
that our customers can achieve
their security outcomes as well.
So I spent a number of years in
the US government, 32 years in fact,
22 of which were spent as a special agent
in the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
About midway through
the course of my career,
I had the opportunity to shift into
cybersecurity lanes, which initiated, or
should I say, reinitiated my interest in
all things computers and computer science.
One of the things that the industry
lacks is a sense of agility,
that the adversary has in spades.
When they identify something
that works for them,
they continue to pound on it until and
unless there's an obstacle.
And then once that obstacle
is put in their way,
they have shown an ability to easily pivot
their tactics and techniques so that they
can bypass the obstacle in future
attempts to gain access to environments.
And so none of us can predict the future.
We're not at any kind of final stage.
This is a continually evolving industry.
What you can ascertain is that we need
to be prepared in a variety of ways
to combat what will certainly be
a persistent onslaught from the adversary.
What that requires is
a certain sense of agility,
you have to be comfortable
in existing in the unknown.
But you also have to have the intellectual
aptitude in order to be able to digest and
formulate new solutions on the fly.
Zero Trust is a huge trend right now
because it's both been a desire of
the industry to move toward Zero Trust,
but
also a requirement in some
areas around the world.
Zero Trust is a movement away from the
historical way that we've done security in
the past.
Layman's terms, so
you're a business traveler, you travel
with your business laptop and you check
into your hotel halfway around the world,
and you need to get prepared and ready for
a business meeting that's about to occur.
Historically, you'd want to be able
to attest to the fact that that is
an intended or qualified user within
the enterprise attempting to gain access
to this information.
And yes, based upon the information
that you have, the identity and
coupling that with device information,
that user and device should have access to
this information and
be able to make a determination about it.
I do believe that the more that we
invest in the Zero Trust approach or
architecture, it will get us to a good
point from which to pivot off of.
But I think a lot of what's
to come is unknown, and
that means continual learning.
It means, continually exposing yourself
to different parts of the industry so
that we are prepared for
what may happen in the future.